RED product updates: WO, WO Stats, FC, FC Perc, Tasseled Cap, Mangroves (#266)
GeoscienceAustralia/dea-knowledge-hub: docs/data/product/dea-tasseled-cap-percentiles-landsat/_details.md

## What this product offers

> This product offers three percentiles (10th, 50th and 90th) per Tasseled Cap index (greeness, wetness and brightness) per year, from 1987 to the present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This product offers three percentiles per Tasseled Cap index per year. The percentiles are 10th, 50th, and 90th; the Tasseled Cap indexes are 'greeness', 'wetness', and 'brightness'; and the years are 1987 to 2023.
```

Reviewer: **Question:** Is it 'greeness' or 'greenness' since that word normally has two n's

Reviewer 2: greenness is correct!

It is useful in broad environmental analyses where it is desirable to understand a mixed landscape including vegetation, water and bare areas, and as such is useful for wetlands analyses.

> This product includes cloud and shadow buffering with a size of 6 and includes Landsat-5, Landsat-7, Landsat-8, and Landsat-9 (from 2022 onwards).

Reviewer: Same as other instance of this wording

Author: Added the unit which is pixel.

## Data description

Tasseled Cap percentiles are created by bringing together all individual satellite images for a year and generating the corresponding Tasseled Cap for each, before computing the 10th, 50th and 90th percentiles of their respective data ranges. The percentiles are chosen to represent minimum, middle and maximum (or general) conditions for each index per year, for every 30m x 30m pixel across Australia.

> This product includes cloud and shadow buffering with a size of 6 and includes Landsat-5, Landsat-7, Landsat-8, and Landsat-9 (from 2022 onwards).

Reviewer: Same as other instance of this wording

Author: Added the unit which is pixel.
